CCBA Practice - KA 4: Elicitation and Collaboration

Question 1Brainstorming would be the most suitable technique for uncovering requirements in which of the following situations?
A)Identify dependencies between requirements for traceability purposes.
B)Add detail to the current process flow for work order transmittals through the warehouse.
C)Determine the appropriate format for communication of business analysis information.
D)Conduct a workshop with managers from similar functional units across dispersed locations in an attempt to find process improvement opportunities. => true

Question 2Mark is the business analyst for his company and he is working with stakeholders to elaborate on the requirements for a new software design customers have requested. Mark is working to draw out, explore, and identify information relevant to the change. What knowledge area is Mark utilizing in this elicitation process?
A)Solution evaluation
B)Elicitation and collaboration => true
C)Strategy analysis
D)Requirements analysis and design definition

Question 3Which of the following options is an input to managing stakeholder collaboration?
A)Stakeholder engagement approach => true
B)Solution approach
C)Stakeholder register
D)Scheduled resources

Question 4Which of the following lists contain the three common types of elicitation?
A)Collaborative, observation, research
B)Collaborative, document analysis, observation
C)Collaborative, research, experiments => true
D)Observation, interviews, focus groups

Question 5What is the impact of the agile perspective on the planning and execution of elicitation and collaboration tasks?
A)Minimal to none; elicitation and collaboration tasks are planned and executed similarly in an agile environment.
B)High level requirements are elicited at the beginning of the project; requirements are detailed right to the appropriate level right before their development begins. => true
C)While requirements are all elicited at the beginning of the project, they are not formally approved during the project.
D)There is less emphasis on collaborative elicitation approaches.

Question 6When preparing for requirements elicitation, what are the inputs required to develop an elicitation activity plan?
A)Business analysis approach, domain SME list
B)Business analysis approach, stakeholder engagement approach
C)Needs, stakeholder engagement approach => true
D)Business analysis approach, needs

Question 7Benita is the business analyst for her organization. Sam is a data analyst who asks to sit with Benita "for a minute" in the cafeteria to give her information he believes relevant to her project. Sam continues by describing seemingly complex data flows. Which of the following is the next logical step for Benita to take?
A)Schedule a workshop with relevant stakeholders to construct a data flow diagram. => true
B)Ask Sam to access the requirements documentation in the project's shared folder and add the data requirements.
C)Ask Sam to send an email documenting and more thoroughly describing the information to ensure understanding.
D)Refer Sam to the data architect so the information can be included in the designs.

Question 8Before conducting a facilitated workshop, a business analyst determined the objectives of the workshop, considered various elicitation techniques, and identified supporting materials. What activity was the BA performing?
A)Prepare for elicitation => true
B)Sequence elicitation activities
C)Plan business analysis approach
D)Plan for elicitation

Question 9Molly is having a difficult time getting stakeholders to confirm elicitation results from their interviews despite several email reminders. She becomes concerned; why?
A)She is in danger of missing her agreed timelines.
B)She is concerned that the resources are being diverted to other projects.
C)Failure to confirm elicitation results in a timely manner is one of the signs that required levels of stakeholder engagement might be decreasing. => true
D)She doesn't want to start to model the requirements until she knows they are correct.

Question 10You are conducting a workshop to come up with ideas on how to solve the issue of delays in the billing process. Which one of the following would be a suggested starting point?
A)Draw a diagram of the process => true
B)Identify potential root causes for the delays
C)Describe the current process
D)Brainstorm potential solutions

Question 11Interviews and interface analysis are techniques used during which task?
A)Prepare for elicitation
B)Conduct elicitation => true
C)Prepare documentation
D)Confirm elicitation

Question 12You are the business analyst on an initiative and you are preparing for elicitation of a new business opportunity. What is the prerequisite for conducting elicitation?
A)You need to ensure that all needed resources are organized and scheduled for conducting the elicitation activities. => true
B)You need to receive permission from functional management to interview and elicit requirements for the stakeholders.
C)You need to determine which elicitation techniques are needed for requirements gathering.
D)You need authority granted to you from the sponsor to utilize resources for the elicit requirements process.

Question 13What is the primary difference between formal and informal documentation as possible forms for business analysis (information) packages?
A)Formal documentation is always presented in the form of a presentation.
B)Formal documentation always includes texts, matrices, and/or diagrams.
C)Formal documentation is usually based on a template used by the organization and provides a stable, easy to use, long-term record of the information. => true
D)Formal documentation is always approved and signed off on by the sponsor.

Question 14When is the best time for a business analyst to specify and model requirements during the elicitation and collaboration knowledge area?
A)Whenever it would add value to elicitation and collaboration tasks. => true
B)While executing confirm elicitation results.
C)While preparing the business analysis information package as an input to communicate business analysis information.
D)Requirements should not be specified and modeled until after they are confirmed.

Question 15Which task in the elicitation and collaboration knowledge area may use all of the following techniques: brainstorming, focus groups, interviews, and observation?
A)Confirm elicitation results
B)Manage elicitation results
C)Prepare for elicitation
D)Conduct elicitation => true

Question 16How is mind mapping utilized in the prepare for elicitation task?
A)Used to estimate the time and cost of business analysis tasks associated with planned elicitation events.
B)Mind mapping is not a suggested tool for this task.
C)Used by the BA to identify which sources of business analysis information to consult and which elicitation techniques might be most effective. => true
D)Used by the BA to identify which sources of business analysis information to consult.

Question 17Kato is working with stakeholders on a proof of concept to validate the design of the new system. What type of elicitation is Kato's team utilizing?
A)Collaborative
B)Research
C)Prototyping
D)Experiments => true

Question 18You have completed the elicitation activity plan. You have prepared for and conducted a workshop to gather requirements. What is the typical next step that you would follow?
A)Send meeting notes out to all attendees
B)Specify and model the requirements
C)Confirm your elicitation results and communicate as appropriate
D)Record the results from the workshop so that they can be confirmed => true

Question 19You are selecting elicitation techniques for an upcoming requirements workshop. What is NOT a valid criterion to utilize when selecting techniques for an elicitation activity?
A)Desired outcomes
B)Cost and time constraints
C)Your preferences => true
D)The culture of the organization

Question 20Which of the following are the key inputs required to adequately prepare to elicit requirements information on the project?
A)Stakeholder engagement approach, needs => true
B)Stakeholder list, maps, and personas
C)Business case, needs
D)Solution scope, needs

Question 21Kathy is a BA and has just been assigned to work on a government compliance project. Known as a "doer," she is anxious to get started with her elicitation and collaboration activities, especially regarding an interview with a key stakeholder who will go on vacation in a week. Her BA mentor, Ellie, urges her to slow down a bit and complete some activities before conducting the interview. What does Ellie recommend that Kathy do before she starts elicitation?
A)Prepare the elicitation activity plan.
B)Understand needs, gather business analysis information, develop the stakeholder engagement approach.
C)Understand needs, gather business analysis information, develop the stakeholder engagement approach and the business analysis performance assessment. => true
D)Develop the elicitation plan, elicitation results (unconfirmed), elicitation (confirmed), business analysis information (communicated) and stakeholder engagement.

Question 22Which techniques would work best to confirm your elicitation results?
A)Document analysis, interviews, reviews, requirements model
B)Document analysis, interviews, process modeling, workshops
C)Document analysis, interviews, reviews, workshops => true
D)Document analysis, interviews, reviews, process modeling

Question 23You have just completed your requirements workshop. Who should be involved with capturing the elicitation outcomes from the workshop?
A)Business analyst => true
B)Business analyst and project manager
C)Business analyst and scribe
D)Business analyst, project manager, and scribe

Question 24Which of the following statements best describes the confirm elicitation results task?
A)To compare elicitation results against other elicitation results to ensure consistency.
B)To check the information gathered during an elicitation session for accuracy and consistency with other information. => true
C)To document stated information along with stakeholder concerns.
D)To ask stakeholders involved in the elicitation session to review the documented information for accuracy.

Question 25Which of the following subset represents the key elements of a mind map?
A)Main topic, topics, sub-topics, branches, keywords, activity, decision point.
B)Main topic, topics, sub-topics, branches, keywords, color, images. => true
C)Main topic, topics, sub-topics, branches, keywords, images.
D)Main topic, topics, sub-topics, branches, decision point, color, images.

Question 26Stacy is working on an IT change initiative which will replace the current time-consuming process of data transfer from Appl-A to Appl-B by a faster data transfer process. Stacy has been working with the development team to experiment with different data transfer approaches to understand the advantages and disadvantages of the various approaches. She will then hold a workshop to share those results with a select group of business stakeholders to get their input on the best approach to use for the solution. Which task Stacy is performing?
A)Define design options.
B)Conduct a proof of concept.
C)Conduct Elicitation. => true
D)Prepare for elicitation.

Question 27In order to conduct elicitation, what guidelines and tools will you need?
A)Business analysis approach, existing business analysis information, stakeholder engagement approach, and the elicitation activity plan
B)Elicitation activity plan, existing business analysis information, stakeholder engagement approach, and supporting materials
C)Business analysis approach, existing business analysis Information, stakeholder engagement approach, and supporting materials => true
D)Business analysis approach, elicitation activity plan, stakeholder engagement approach, and supporting materials

Question 28You are mentoring a new business analyst in the communications arena. They are preparing for their role as facilitator for a workshop that will review requirements elicited to date for purposes of confirmation from source stakeholders. They are using the BABOK as reference for their prep. They come to you asking about "business analysis information" since the BABOK says they need it as an input but they have no idea as to what it includes. How you do explain the term to them?
A)You explain to them that "business analysis information" means all of the stated requirements documented to date from that group of stakeholders along with their stated and documented concerns for review at the workshop.
B)You explain to them that "business analysis information" means all of the stated requirements documented to date from that group of stakeholders for review at the workshop.
C)Instead of giving them the answer, you try to help them be more resourceful by advising them to check the glossary and get back to you with any further questions.
D)You tell them that "business analysis information" is a "catch-all" phrase that basically means any kind of information at any level of detail that is used as an input for or output of business analysis work. => true

Question 29You are eliciting requirements by analyzing historical data to identify trends. What task are you performing?
A)Conduct elicitation => true
B)Document analysis
C)Confirm elicitation results
D)Data mining

Question 30A prototype that is used to explore the basic size, look, and feel of a product that will be manufactured without creating actual functionality is called which of the following?
A)Proof of concept
B)Usability prototype
C)Form study prototype => true
D)Functional prototype

Question 31Which of the following statements about elicitation and collaboration is NOT true?
A)Elicitation and collaboration are ongoing activities and focus upon all types of business analysis information.
B)Elicitation and collaboration can be planned, unplanned, or both.
C)Elicitation and collaboration focus only on requirements elicitation. => true
D)Elicitation activities may trigger additional elicitation.

Question 32There are five types of elicitation and collaboration tasks that business analysts must complete as part of their role and responsibilities. Which one of the following is NOT a task that the business analyst may complete as part of their roles and responsibilities in this knowledge area?
A)Prepare for elicitation
B)Communicate business analysis information
C)Conduct elicitation
D)Engage stakeholders => true

Question 33You are the business analyst for your organization and you've identified the stakeholders in your organization. As part of this identification, you've identified the stakeholder engagement approach, business analysis information and business analysis performance assessment. What other input is needed to prepare for the elicitation and collaboration tasks?
A)Needs => true
B)Executive sponsor approval
C)Supporting documentation
D)Project charter

Question 34According to the BABOK, which of the following are the tasks listed in the elicitation and collaboration knowledge area?
A)Prepare for elicitation, conduct elicitation, confirm elicitation results, communicate business analysis information, and facilitate stakeholder engagement.
B)Prepare for elicitation, conduct elicitation, confirm elicitation results, communicate business analysis information, and verify the outcomes of the solution.
C)Prepare for elicitation, conduct elicitation, confirm elicitation results, communicate business analysis information, and manage stakeholder collaboration. => true
D)Prepare for elicitation, conduct elicitation, confirm elicitation results, document elicitation, and communicate business analysis information.

Question 35You are a Business Analyst working on a project to upgrade the current billing system. After eliciting all the requirements from relevant stakeholders, you set up a meeting with solution team to explain the new functionality requested and to review the changes needed to the existing functionality. In this meeting with developers, you discover that some requirements will not work with the current system functionality and you find inconsistencies and gaps in the requirements. As a Business Analyst, what could you have done to avoid these issues earlier in the process?
A)The Business Analyst could have questioned the right SMEs or knowledgeable stakeholders who had understood the system functionality.
B)The Business Analyst could have studied the current system functionalities well before eliciting requirements.
C)The Business Analyst could have confirmed the elicitation results right after any elicitation activities to ensure they were accurate. => true
D)The Business Analyst could have involved development team in elicitation activities.

Question 36Which stakeholders participate in confirming elicitation results?
A)The BA
B)Stakeholders who have participated in elicitation tasks => true
C)The project team
D)Stakeholders with enough authority to approve requirements

Question 37Which of the following activities applies the LEAST to requirements elicitation and collaboration?
A)Monitoring stakeholder engagement
B)Installing new, off-the-shelf software
C)Developing a risk register => true
D)A small enhancement to an existing system

Question 38The process of "two or more people or organizations working together toward a common goal" is the definition of which of the following terms?
A)Elicitation
B)Compromise
C)Conflict resolution
D)Collaboration => true

Question 39You have been working on your project for 6 months and have just finished eliciting all of the requirements. A review is scheduled in 2 weeks to ensure you have a solid understanding of your stakeholders' requirements before they are baselined. What do you have at this point as an input into the review?
A)Specified and modeled requirements
B)Confirmed elicitation results
C)Stakeholder concerns
D)Unconfirmed elicitation results => true

Question 40Which of these facilitation practices is an effective way to deal with most types of difficult people situations?
A)Use a "time out" and remove the disruptive person from the group.
B)Ignore the difficult person.
C)Create and enforce ground rules dealing with difficult behavior. => true
D)Take control of the group when disruptive behavior occurs.

Question 41Paul is eliciting data requirements and discussing systems communication and how the two systems currently exchange data and services with his stakeholders. What principle is Paul discussing?
A)Data migration
B)Interoperability => true
C)Trans-system exchange
D)Portability

Question 42Preeti, a business analyst, has been working on a project to develop a foot-bridge across a major avenue in one of the busiest roadway junctions in Sydney, Australia. Preeti is in the initial phase of the project and is planning how to collect requirements from identified stakeholders. Kelly, the Project Manager is checking in with Preeti to see if everything is on track or if she is facing any challenges or road blocks. At this stage of the project, how can a Kelly best help Preeti move forward in her work?
A)The Project Manager should work with the Sponsor to determine if all relevant stakeholders have been identified before elicitation begins.
B)The Project Manager should identify the risks involved in the requirement elicitation activity and create a mitigation and contingency plan.
C)The Project Manager should ensure that appropriate stakeholders and other physical resources are available for the elicitation session. => true
D)The Project Manager should allocate the funds needed to conduct the business analysis activities properly.

Question 43Which of the following is NOT a key element to consider when conducting elicitation activities?
A)Select an elicitation technique to use. => true
B)Understand how the output integrates into what is already known.
C)Determine what forms of output the activity will generate.
D)Consider how the information will be used.

Question 44Which of the following is a common risk a business analyst must continually monitor in relationship to the elicitation and collaboration knowledge area?
A)Some requirements may be out of scope from the proposed solution
B)Stakeholders may have conflicting opinions regarding the prioritization of requirements.
C)Stakeholders may not understand the models used.
D)Stakeholders may be diverted from the project to other work. => true

Question 45Which of the following is the best definition of a business analyst?
A)Any person who holds that title or role in an organization.
B)A trusted advisor to all stakeholders identified during the course of the business analysis life cycle.
C)Any person who performs business analysis tasks described in the BABOK, no matter their job title. => true
D)A trusted advisor to business personnel.

Question 46Which techniques are used in the task of confirm elicitation results?
A)Document analysis, interviews, reviews, workshops => true
B)Document analysis, focus group, reviews, workshops
C)Document analysis, brainstorming, reviews, workshops
D)Interface analysis, interviews, reviews, workshops

Question 47Which stakeholders participate in the conduct elicitation task?
A)Only the sponsor.
B)Customers, end users, domain subject matter experts, and implementation subject matter experts.
C)Depending on the activity, any stakeholder with relevant knowledge or experience. => true
D)Stakeholders who were originally identified in the elicitation activity plan.

Question 48Shelby is eliciting requirements for a new program intended to increase employee satisfaction. Recent surveys indicated that employees did not feel recognized for a job well done, but the sponsor is not sure a "Gold Star Award" would bolster employee satisfaction results at their company. What could Shelby suggest?
A)Researching other companies to see what they do and then benchmark against existing programs.
B)Suggest that a quick survey be distributed to see what employees think of the idea.
C)Suggest the "Gold Star Award" be piloted and then assess the results before moving forward. => true
D)Scrap the idea because it is too risky.

Question 49Which of the following tasks provides stakeholders with the information they need, at the time they need it?
A)Confirm elicitation results
B)Manage stakeholder collaboration
C)Conduct elicitation
D)Communicate business analysis information => true

Question 50Stacy is a Business System analyst assigned to a new management reporting initiative. Stacy has noted that a few of the current managers are bit reluctant to make any changes to the existing management reports and may not be cooperative while sharing their requirements about the management reports. What should Stacy do manage those reluctant stakeholders?
A)As stakeholders are from Senior Management team, Stacy should discuss the matter with the Sponsor and seek his/her help to sort this out.
B)Stacy should take actions to prepare the stakeholders for the change initiative and ensure their buy-in. => true
C)Stacy should discuss the matter with the Project Manager and seek his/her help to sort this out.
D)Stay should explore lesson learned documents from previous projects to find a solution from experiences of similar situation in any past project.

Question 51What does a business analyst deliver when communicating business analysis information?
A)Business analysis information (planned)
B)Functional and non-functional (stated) requirements
C)Unstated and stated requirements
D)Business analysis information (communicated) => true

Question 52Jackson is conducting a workshop with domain subject matter experts to elicit solution requirements. He is having trouble getting participants to contribute to the discussion; they seem reluctant to talk. He tried moving to written brainstorming but is still getting limited participation. What would be Jackson's logical next step?
A)Adjourn the session and schedule individual interviews with the stakeholders. => true
B)Adjourn the session and schedule a focus group.
C)Revisit the ground rules and remind stakeholders that this is a "safe" environment and participation is to key to the fulfillment of session objectives.
D)Utilize the observation technique.

Question 53When identifying stakeholders and selecting elicitation techniques for requirements elicitation, which of the following best describes the relationship between the two?
A)There is no relationship, you may select the elicitation techniques you prefer before identifying your stakeholders.
B)Identify stakeholders involved in the change and then select elicitation techniques suited to them. => true
C)The relationship between the two depends upon the project approach and context associated with the business need.
D)Only identify stakeholders who have the availability to participate in elicitation and then select elicitation techniques suitable to them.

Question 54You have been asked to confirm your results after a requirements workshop. Why is that important?
A)To ensure the requirements are ready to be specified and modeled.
B)To ensure the project manager understands the requirements for project planning.
C)To ensure the requirements are accurate and consistent with other information. => true
D)To ensure the WBS is created in time for risk identification and assessment.

Question 55Which document should you reference to understand the forecasted costs and benefits of the proposed solution as part of the preparation for elicitation?
A)Business need
B)Project management plan
C)Business case => true
D)Solution scope

Question 56What is the output of the manage stakeholder collaboration task?
A)Stakeholder collaboration.
B)Business analysis performance assessment.
C)Stakeholder list, maps, and personas.
D)Stakeholder engagement. => true

Question 57What does the elicitation activity plan include?
A)Logistics, scope of the elicitation activity, selected techniques, supporting materials => true
B)Logistics, stakeholder engagement approach, selected techniques, supporting materials
C)Logistics, scope of the elicitation activity, experiments, research
D)Logistics, scope of the elicitation activity, selected techniques, research

Question 58Sheela has been working on a project to upgrade a cross-border money transfer system due to new regulations. For this project, Sheela will need to collaborate with a number of government officials to understand the relevant parts of the new regulation, its scope, any exceptions, penalty limits for non-compliance and other relevant information in the given context. Which of the following is not an activity that would help to prepare government stakeholders for the requirements elicitation session?
A)Sheela should educate the stakeholders on any elicitation techniques they are unfamiliar with that will be used in the elicitation session.
B)Sheela should explore any relevant supporting documents available in the organization and determine what to collect from stakeholders. => true
C)Sheela should send out a meeting agenda to relevant stakeholders well before the elicitation session.
D)Sheela should share any relevant supporting documents to the stakeholders before the requirement elicitation session.

Question 59When does the task of manage stakeholder collaboration begin?
A)Once stakeholders have been identified and analyzed. => true
B)Whenever it would add value to business analysis activities.
C)Once requirements have been elicited.
D)Once requirements have been confirmed.

Question 60What are the possible forms that a business analysis (information) package could include?
A)Informal documentation
B)Formal documentation
C)Formal and informal documentation
D)Text, matrices, diagrams, and presentations => true

Question 61Which of the following statements is NOT true regarding collaboration?
A)Collaboration involves regular, frequent, and bi-directional communication.
B)Collaboration promotes a shared effort to resolve problems.
C)Collaboration involves communication on an "as needed" basis. => true
D)Collaboration encourages the free flow of information and ideas.

Question 62Robert is a Business Analyst and who is working on a project to develop new features for an existing clothes washing machine in Southeast Asia. As Robert is new to this market space, he is unaware of the current customer choices about washing machines in this market or how could he bring more value or benefit to customers by developing new features in the washing machine. To get started, Robert is preparing to elicit requirements with relevant stakeholders who are familiar with this market space. For his first elicitation stakeholder group, he has identified store managers who sell appliances in multiple cities in Indonesia. He wants to elicit high-level requirements quickly to get an overall understanding of key requirements, then follow with the elicitation of more detailed requirements from people who have recently purchased a washing machine. What technique should Robert select to get a quick list of high-level requirements from the store managers?
A)Focus Group
B)Interviews
C)Survey => true
D)Virtual Requirements Workshop

Question 63Steven has conducted a number of elicitation sessions with a group of stakeholders from the Mortgage Loan department for their requirements as part of a new project. How will Steven determine when requirements elicitation from that business group is complete?
A)When all stakeholders from that group have a shared understanding of the requirements they have provided.
B)When all stakeholders from that groups have shared their requirements.
C)When Business Analyst have validated that all items defined in the scope of elicitation are completed. => true
D)When no new stakeholders are identified in that business group to share their requirements.

Question 64Keith is scheduling participants for a workshop associated with a highly debated project with an aggressive timeline. He must ensure he has everyone's buy-in on the session objectives, purpose, and the process, as well as give them time to review the supporting materials. He sees all of the stakeholders are available in two days but not again for almost three weeks. When should Keith schedule the workshop and why?
A)Three weeks because he needs time to prepare the stakeholders for the event and give them time to review the supporting materials. => true
B)Two days because the project has an aggressive timeline which has to be met no matter what.
C)Two days, because if follow-up is needed he can schedule a second session in three weeks.
D)Three weeks to ensure everyone can attend the session.

Question 65Monique is analyzing historical data to identify information relevant to her current project. Which type of elicitation is Monique utilizing?
A)Research => true
B)Document analysis
C)Collaborative
D)Experiments

Question 66What are the inputs to the manage stakeholder collaboration task?
A)Business analysis approach and business analysis performance assessment
B)Stakeholder engagement approach and business analysis performance assessment => true
C)Stakeholder engagement approach and business analysis approach
D)Stakeholder engagement approach and information management approach
