CCBA Practice - Pre Exam Advance 01

Question 1What tool is best described as a spreadsheet to use when there's a relatively low amount of requirements that need to be traced?
A)Roles and responsibilities chart
B)Quantitative matrix
C)Coverage matrix => true
D)RACI Chart

Question 2A business analyst (BA) is determining the current state as part of a new project. What is an internal enterprise asset that the BA must include in the analysis?
A)Brand name
B)Organizational structure => true
C)Business need
D)Enterprise mission statement

Question 3If you're a business analyst and using an event-based elicitation task, such as a requirements workshop, what can be considered as essential to establish with the participants?
A)Cost management
B)Deadlines
C)Ground rules => true
D)Purpose of the workshop

Question 4Complete this statement. ___________________ are longer-term, ongoing, and qualitative statements of a state or condition that the organization is seeking to establish and maintain.
A)Objectives
B)Goals => true
C)Requirements
D)Operations

Question 5A lead business analyst (BA) analyzed the performance of all BA's within the organization. How should the BA approach communicating the results to stakeholders?
A)Compare a solution used at another company
B)Identify the performance objectives
C)Select performance measures
D)Determine the reporting requirements => true

Question 6You are the business analyst for your organization. Management has asked that you create a method to store the project requirements including those under development, under review, and the requirements which have been approved. What is management asking you to create?
A)A change management system
B)A repository => true
C)A requirements register
D)A project scope statement

Question 7A business analyst (BA) has discovered an old checklist prepared for another initiative, which includes the following characteristics: Complete, Feasible, Unambiguous, Testable. What is the purpose of this checklist?
A)To verify requirements => true
B)To measure solution performance
C)To validate requirements
D)To compare solution options

Question 8The business analyst (BA) is analyzing the formal relationships between people working in the enterprise. Which technique will the BA use to perform this task?
A)Organizational modelling => true
B)Stakeholder modelling
C)Focus groups
D)Functional decomposition

Question 9A business analyst (BA) was asked to send the requirement details to the project manager (PM), director, vice president (VP), and Chief Information Officer (CIO). The BA shares the complete set of requirements to the PM and director, while creating a summarized version for the VP and CIO. Which aspect of requirement specification and modeling was the BA performing?
A)Perform stakeholder analysis
B)Organize requirements categories
C)Determine approval authority
D)Implement appropriate level of abstraction => true

Question 10A client wants to rehire a business analysis consulting firm for another project. The assigned business analyst (BA) developed a good rapport with the stakeholders, but delivered documents that contained lots of technical jargon that the client could not fully understand. Based on the feedback, the consulting company should:
A)recommend a new methodology which is the latest trend in the industry.
B)assign a different BA to the project.
C)discuss the feedback during the brainstorming sessions after project completion.
D)identify performance metrics before commencing work. => true

Question 11A business analyst (BA) has elicited requirements for a new system. A subset of these requirements refers to judging the performance of the system, such as efficiency, capacity, security, and scalability. What technique is used to examine and group these requirements?
A)Functional decomposition
B)Scope model
C)Trace requirements
D)Non-functional requirements analysis => true

Question 12A business analyst (BA) needs to obtain agreement on and approval of requirements for a software solution. In order for this task to proceed, what does the BA need to understand?
A)The verified requirements
B)The solution design
C)The business analysis approach
D)The stakeholder roles => true

Question 13A company is embarking on a software project in a heavily regulated domain. The client expects large upfront planning and detailed documentation for the project. The recommended approach for the project will be
A)adaptive.
B)predictive. => true
C)waterfall.
D)scrum.

Question 14A business analyst (BA) is planning to elicit requirements. The BA understands the scope of the elicitation and has selected interviewing as an appropriate technique. Which of the following is part of the logistics for these interviews?
A)Relationships between elicited requirements
B)Performance metrics
C)Definition of the future state
D)Participants and their roles => true

Question 15A business analyst (BA) is assessing the completeness and coherence of the requirements. The BA has considered a variety of viewpoints and has a collection of views. What has the BA constructed?
A)Requirements architecture => true
B)Requirements traceability matrix
C)Business knowledge model
D)Solution design

Question 16A business analyst (BA) is conducting a workshop with the purpose of analyzing a business process. Stakeholders of different business units are in attendance. Each stakeholder is able to explain their unit's contribution to the process, however, there is no end to end process owner who can provide a consolidated view. Which technique should the BA use to compare the stakeholder's inputs against each other in order to check for consistency and omissions?
A)Schedule a follow-up workshop to give more time for additional input
B)Create a use case scenario that describes the process step by step
C)Develop a process model with swimlanes to highlight the handoff points => true
D)Create a logical data model with the information elicited

Question 17During the analysis, synthesis, and refinement of elicitation results the business analyst (BA) has discovered that some information is missing. Which course of action would resolve the situation?
A)Verify the requirements results
B)Conduct elicitation activities => true
C)Conduct traceability analysis
D)Validate the requirements

Question 18A business analyst (BA) has documented the components of an information technology (IT) library, in preparation for establishing a consolidated catalogue of IT services. When interviewed, several of the IT managers indicated they already have a catalogue, and have no additional information to provide. What activity is necessary to support the project?
A)Analyze existing catalogues => true
B)Confirm the project objectives
C)Expand the interview list
D)Conduct a focus group

Question 19A business analyst (BA) is currently verifying the accuracy and consistency of information obtained from the stakeholders. The BA needs to identify additional information. What should the BA do next?
A)Perform data modelling
B)Conduct elicitation activities => true
C)Meet with the sponsor
D)Consult with the project manager

Question 20The Business Requirements Document (BRD) prepared by the business analyst (BA) was circulated to stakeholders for approval. Some stakeholders objected to the Use Case diagrams and could not understand them. Why would these be included in the document?
A)The models were included as a mistake because Use Case diagrams are technical.
B)The models are part of the technical documents and not part of BRD documents.
C)The models are used for analysis and refining requirements and design. => true
D)The models did not change the value compared to text based requirements

Question 21A business analyst (BA) is assessing risks on a project addressing the implementation of a new web portal. Which of the following would the BA classify as a project risk?
A)Customer service ratings will increase with the new system
B)Current infrastructure may not support increased performance => true
C)Expenditures are currently below budgeted estimates
D)Support calls will increase if the change is not performed

Question 22An organization is engaged in an effort to streamline the online customer experience. The business analyst (BA) prepares a business analysis information package to discuss the changes the customer will experience. Which one of the following tools will assist the BA in this discussion?
A)Context Diagram
B)Data Dictionary
C)Visual Prototype => true
D)Business Rules

Question 23The business analysis (BA) team is evaluating a new commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) application that will be implemented in the coming months. The company has over 20 legacy systems deployed. The Chief Information Officer (CIO) is worried about the need for integration and that some key linkages are missing. What is the BA team evaluating?
A)Technology and infrastructure
B)Industry standard architecture
C)Service oriented architecture
D)Business architecture => true

Question 24A business analyst (BA) is compiling information about different approaches that will meet solution requirements in order to make a recommendation for solution design. To evaluate whether externally available solutions meet the requirements, which of the following will the BA create and distribute?
A)Statement of Work (SOW)
B)Rough Order of Magnitude (ROM)
C)Request for Information (RFI) => true
D)Work Breakdown Structure (WBS)

Question 25The project plan called for deliverables to be handed over at the end of the project. Although the client's business team was satisfied, the client's technical team was extremely resistant to this approach. What could the business analyst (BA) do to mitigate the technical team's resistance?
A)Escalate to project sponsor
B)Meet with technical team => true
C)Reassess the project objectives
D)Email the business team

Question 26A system owner calls the project team to inquire about a recent change in one of the requirements, and insists that the change was never requested. What should the project team do to investigate the issue?
A)Record a defect for fixing
B)Consult with the project manager
C)Revert back the changes
D)Check the audit history of changes => true

Question 27A business analyst (BA) is creating a business process model (BPM) showing how the organization will handle errors reported on its website. The BA held a workshop with stakeholders about how the process might work. The BA was also given an instruction manual about a similar error-handling situation, but was advised that some minor aspects are not applicable to the new process. How can the BA use the manual?
A)Ignore the manual's information when creating the BPM since it is about a different situation
B)Identify the discrepancies in process between the manual and the workshop results and resolve these with stakeholders => true
C)Create a new version of the manual based on the original
D)Rely on the manual to create the BPM and ignore the interview results because no single stakeholder has the whole picture of the process

Question 28A company wants to increase transaction service offerings using its on-line channels. The existing application already has some of the required functionality. A new project has been initiated to implement the additional capabilities but the company management is unsure of the complexity of the project. What exercise must be carried out to determine the changes needed in the new application?
A)Perform gap analysis of current and future states => true
B)Identify internal solution component dependencies
C)Evaluate competitor applications
D)Assess organizational culture

Question 29An organization's Business Analysis Center of Excellence (BACoE) has deployed several business analysts (BAs) to provide business analysis to a cross-functional initiative. After the first phase of the project, the BACoE seeks to determine the effectiveness of the business analysis work. Which of the following techniques could be used to elicit feedback from all affected stakeholders?
A)Brainstorming
B)Business cases
C)Surveys => true
D)Root cause analysis

Question 30The business analyst (BA) has completed the verification of a set of requirements, but a change in scope has materialized. Which technique should the BA use to obtain consensus and reach agreement among the stakeholders?
A)Financial analysis
B)Business rules analysis
C)Decision analysis => true
D)Risk analysis and management

Question 31During a requirements elicitation workshop, a stakeholder raises an issue that is outside of the project's scope. The business analyst (BA) facilitating the workshop should:
A)note the issue in the Issue Register to be considered by the Project Manager.
B)ignore the stakeholder's comment and proceed with the agenda.
C)consider the issue's impact on the project and gain agreement with stakeholders on the next step. => true
D)request the stakeholder to explain the issue further so that possible solutions can be discussed.

Question 32A business analyst (BA) is working on a complex project involving many stakeholders for which the business case has been previously completed and signed off. After an organizational restructure, new stakeholders have been assigned to the project working group, but do not see the value in the project outcomes and refuse to collaborate. What is a guideline or tool the BA can use to focus stakeholders on a common goal?
A)A business requirements document
B)An alternate stakeholder plan
C)A stakeholder matrix
D)A future state description => true

Question 33A business analyst (BA) is measuring solution performance of a new system. What should the BA consider to avoid skewed results and an inaccurate conclusion?
A)Frequency
B)Volume => true
C)Currency
D)Timing

Question 34A business analyst (BA) was asked by the vice president (VP) to evaluate the organization's claims processing capability and recommend improvements. The VP agreed to the BA's recommended solution approach and identified an external vendor to develop the modernized claims processing system. Before contracting with the external vendor, the BA realized that the budget should be approved by the Chief Financial Officer. What was missed by the BA when performing stakeholder analysis?
A)Attitude
B)Roles
C)Decision making authority => true
D)Level of influence

Question 35There are many stakeholders that need to be involved in the allocated requirements. One of the stakeholders in the task will be responsible for verifying released and solution components. Which stakeholder has this responsibility?
A)Project team
B)Project manager
C)Operational support
D)Tester => true

Question 36In order to plan the business analysis approach, the business analyst must understand the organizational process needs and what other thing?
A)Operation of organizations and the objectives of business analysis => true
B)Consideration of risk and reward
C)Purpose of the proposed solution
D)Stakeholders' threats and perceived threats

Question 37Requirements have been prioritized in the product backlog for inclusion in the upcoming release. One of the project team members fears that at least one requirement from the prioritization list is not finalized and still requires further analysis. Which of the following factors describe the affected requirement?
A)Benefit
B)Dependency
C)Stability => true
D)Risk

Question 38A business analyst (BA) has determined that “Product Box”, a collaboration game, will provide a fun way to engage the stakeholders when working on prioritizing the list of features. What should the BA do?
A)Ensure buy-in from key stakeholders => true
B)Send out an agenda in advance
C)Research ideas for the new product
D)Consider meeting logistics

Question 39Marcy is working with stakeholders to understand the stakeholders' needs as part of the business requirements. The stakeholders are describing their needs for new computers for their designers. The stakeholders have specifications, monitors, and software selected for the business requirements. What are the stakeholders actually defining in this scenario?
A)Solutions => true
B)Perceived problems
C)Perceived needs
D)Longevity

Question 40A business analyst (BA) is supporting an organization in its product launch. The BA wants to identify assumptions about the benefits resulting from the new product. What does identifying assumptions help the BA manage?
A)Priorities
B)Metrics
C)Requirements
D)Risks => true

Question 41During planning, elicitation, and sign off of requirements, the stakeholders felt that their opinions were not heard and information was not frequently shared. What major competency was lacking in this process?
A)Collaboration
B)Trustworthiness
C)Information
D)Communication => true

Question 42A business analyst (BA) is working on a set of tasks to establish a governance process for the project. The BA intends to identify who has authority and responsibility to propose changes, who should be involved in the change discussions, and how changes will be documented and communicated. Which of the following are the inputs that would help the BA complete the task?
A)Business analysis approach and stakeholder engagement approach => true
B)Governance approach and stakeholder engagement approach
C)Governance approach and business analysis approach
D)Stakeholder engagement approach and information management approach

Question 43A business analyst (BA) is planning the requirements attributes. The BA received a long list of requirements that must be implemented in different phases. Which requirements attribute can the BA include to allocate the requirements to the proper phase?
A)Status
B)Author
C)Priority => true
D)Source

Question 44A one-location restaurant has been a huge success and the owner wants to expand into more markets. The owner wants to ensure that the quality of the food and pleasing atmosphere is maintained without introducing new variables. Working with the key members of the organization, the owner determines that training and standard processes must be defined. The owner engages a business analyst (BA) to create training materials and operating procedures based on the existing processes at the original restaurant. During this documentation, the BA identifies some opportunities for improvement. How must the BA proceed?
A)Schedule time with the owner to review any opportunities to improve existing processes and obtain permission to include changes before documenting => true
B)Create documentation based on the observed processes because improvements are outside of the scope of the project
C)Provide documentation of improved procedures based on the observed opportunities for then new location
D)Perform benchmarking and market analysis to determine whether there are standard procedures in the restaurant industry that support the opportunities identified

Question 45The business analyst (BA) has documented the requirements for a new system and is preparing the requirements for approval. Which of the following helps ensure that requirements are fully understood and traceable?
A)Requirements are extracted for review
B)Requirements are properly classified => true
C)Requirements are validated
D)Requirements meet regulatory standards

Question 46The business analyst (BA) has traced the requirements for the interaction between a customer and the new online ordering system. Besides enabling the BA to ensure quality of the requirements to stakeholders, tracing the requirements will also enable the BA to:
A)show all of the decision points in the business process.
B)illustrate the relationships between relevant requirements. => true
C)capture all users that will be impacted by the project.
D)detail the inner workings of the system being changed.

Question 47A business analyst (BA) is reviewing the elicitation results of several workshops in order to decide which technique to use to model the requirements. The elicitation identified user roles needed in a future solution, the functionality needed by each of these roles, and how the desired interaction with the solution should look. Which technique allows the BA to model this type of information?
A)Process models
B)Roles and permission matrix
C)Use cases and scenarios => true
D)Sequence diagrams

Question 48Which one of the following statements best describes requirements prioritization?
A)It is only used with the plan-driven approach to business analysis.
B)It is only used with the change-driven approach to business analysis.
C)It determines how requirements will be prioritized based on the most important stakeholders to the least important stakeholders.
D)It determines how requirements will be prioritized and how those priorities will be used to define the solution scope. => true

Question 49A business analyst (BA) creates the following diagram as part of current state analysis activities. What does a diagram of this type help users to understand?
A)Decision-making
B)Regulatory compliance
C)Business capability
D)Process improvement => true

Question 50A business analyst (BA) needs approval for the requirements which were elicited, collated, and verified by a peer. The BA needs to understand the approval process and appropriate stakeholders who have the authority to approve the requirements. Which of the following artifacts contains this information?
A)Information management approach
B)Stakeholder engagement approach
C)Governance approach => true
D)Business analysis approach

Question 51Stakeholders need a financial report that can be published and distributed to multiple end users. They would also like the report to be developed within a specific time frame and within cost. What must the business analyst (BA) do to achieve this goal?
A)Review the project budget
B)Revise business requirements
C)Define solution approaches => true
D)Update the project schedule

Question 52A business analyst (BA) is working on a project to provide a temporary solution that will last for two months. The BA is feeling overwhelmed with the work needed to create the huge number of links to provide full traceability from solution requirements to design for this solution. How can the BA justify omitting all possible links?
A)Such traceability is at a lower level of abstraction for this project
B)The value each link is delivering in this situation is not high => true
C)Traceability is a low priority as the BA has other work to complete
D)It is impossible for anyone to confirm if such links are correct

Question 53A stakeholder would like to add requirements to an IT project which is in flight. The project manager wants to revisit the traceability repository prior to committing to the addition of any new requests, because it is used for which of the following activities?
A)Creating test plans and test cases
B)Approving requirement relationships
C)Developing documentation for technical support
D)Supporting change and scope management => true

Question 54Which of the following defines all of the required work to satisfy the requirements of the project?
A)Project scope => true
B)Requirements envisioning
C)Requirements foundation
D)Product scope

Question 55A business analyst (BA) is verifying a set of requirements. One of the requirements is “After the customer has received an email confirmation, the customer is likely to access the order status in the order history which is available upon order submission.” Which one of the following requirements quality characteristic is breached?
A)Concise
B)Prioritized
C)Atomic => true
D)Understandable

Question 56A business analyst (BA) has just started a large project and is collaborating with stakeholders to define requirements. Another BA is joining soon to help with this initiative. What action should the BA take to ensure that the new BA understands the project?
A)Delay elicitation activities until the new BA joins
B)Run elicitation sessions in parallel to speed up the process
C)Ask the new BA to define the stakeholder engagement approach
D)Document outcomes of discussions with stakeholders => true

Question 57A new regulation is introduced that the project must comply with to remain competitive and industry compliant. Management wants to understand the effect of this new requirement on the project. What will the business analyst (BA) use to evaluate the change?
A)Process Modelling
B)Domain Knowledge
C)Traceability
D)Impact Analysis => true

Question 58The business analyst (BA) has prepared a requirements package and it is now ready to present to the stakeholders. What is the purpose of presenting the package?
A)To document the project's completion
B)To define the analysis approach
C)To verity the project's progress
D)To ensure a shared understanding of the information => true

Question 59A business analyst (BA) is structuring requirements to ensure they are cohesive and tell the full story. Which of the following requirements is consistent with a stakeholder's need: “As a Product Manager, I want to review my general insurance sales performance so I track my sales performance against my annual target”?
A)“Provide weekly new bank account sales reports on a shared drive.”
B)“Increase customer retention across the life insurance division”
C)“Segment insurance sales data between life and general” => true
D)“Migrate the insurance web portal to a cloud platform."

Question 60A business analyst (BA) is working on a project involving the purchase of a commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) product. All internal risks have been identified and assessed. What is the BA's next course of action?
A)Review the business objectives
B)Consult the business case
C)Assess external risks => true
D)Perform an environmental scan

Question 61A business analyst (BA) has identified the impacts and resolution for a proposed change. Based on the Responsible, Accountable, Consulted, Informed (RACI) matrix, who must approve the change before it is implemented?
A)Subject matter expert
B)Business sponsor => true
C)Project manager
D)System architect

Question 62A business analyst (BA) identifies a design option that enhances the performance of the business by automating repetitive tasks that require multiple staff touchpoints to complete a single task. Which type of improvement opportunity is identified by the BA?
A)Identify additional capabilities
B)Increase efficiencies => true
C)Reduce costs
D)Improve access to information

Question 63A global organization is implementing a new Knowledge Management System and communication to the different regions has been informal. The approach is to convert the few remaining regions iteratively. The team has experienced variances at this point but feels confident in these final conversions. How should the business analyst (BA) communicate the information?
A)Repository
B)Document management
C)Email => true
D)Individual collaboration

Question 64By which of the following is the performance of all requirements management and communication activities governed?
A)Business analysis plans => true
B)Business analyst
C)Project manager
D)Project sponsor

Question 65Enterprise analysis creates just five outputs. Which one of the following is an output of the enterprise analysis tasks?
A)Stakeholder concerns
B)Solution approach => true
C)Solution performance assessment
D)Assumptions and constraints

Question 66A business analyst (BA) is informing stakeholders about the importance of quality when eliciting requirements. What characteristic describes a quality requirement?
A)Simplistic
B)Consistent => true
C)Critical
D)Functional

Question 67A business analyst (BA) needs to make sure that the business analysis information is securely stored and accessible to stakeholders. Which element helps in achieving that goal?
A)Requirements attributes
B)Organization of information => true
C)Traceability approach
D)Level of abstraction

Question 68A business analyst (BA) creates several use case scenarios to specify the requirements for a system. When the beta version of the system is released, there are problems because several important pieces of information are missing. What should the BA have done to avoid this situation?
A)Performed decision analysis
B)Identified assumptions
C)Prepared activity diagrams
D)Analyzed completeness => true

Question 69A business analyst (BA) must model information characteristics across multiple information systems for a project. What type of model captures this information?
A)Interface analysis => true
B)Business capability analysis
C)Decision analysis
D)Force field analysis

Question 70A project aiming at improving an organization's Net Promoter Score is nearing completion. The business analyst (BA) and stakeholders are evaluating ways to measure the performance of the solution. Which technique may be employed?
A)Vendor assessment
B)Market analysis
C)Focus groups => true
D)Business case

Question 71A company wants to increase its market share in the industry and its Board has prioritized capabilities that need to be implemented to achieve the goal. The business requirements for the top priority were signed off and the solution design has been completed. Due to technical constraints, it is not feasible to implement all the requirements at the same time. What must the business analyst (BA) do to deal with this situation?
A)Redefine the business requirements associated with each implementation
B)Recommend a reduction in the project scope
C)Allocate requirements to different releases => true
D)Ensure all requirements are traceable using a matrix

Question 72A business analyst (BA) identified that a stakeholder requirement for an online system led to a functional requirement to provide a user login screen. This is an example of which type of traceability relationship
A)Validate
B)Satisfy
C)Depend
D)Derive => true

Question 73A project's business requirements require that the new solution reduce the labor costs currently attributed to performing end of month accounting procedures. Currently the company routinely must pay overtime to meet the deadline. The business analyst (BA) has been documenting the process and wants to ensure that the approach to the process design is feasible for the staff who perform the end of month procedures. Which of the following stakeholders will provide this verification?
A)Implementation subject matter expert
B)Domain subject matter expert => true
C)Operational support
D)Project sponsor

Question 74A business analyst (BA) is preparing the elicitation activity plan for a project. How will understanding the elicitation scope assist the BA with the elicitation activity?
A)By ensuring the requirements are validated in time
B)By demonstrating how to record elicitation results
C)By outlining the level of stakeholder collaboration
D)By determining when elicitation is complete => true

Question 75A facilities management company has an ambitious growth plan of doubling the revenue of their office waste recycling service over the next 12 months. The business analyst (BA) plans to define the objectives and align them with the enterprise's vision, mission and goals. What element of ‘SMART’ goals would this objective refer to?
A)Relevant => true
B)Measureable
C)Specialized
D)Achievable

Question 76Performance measures have been collected and analyzed by a business analyst (BA) to evaluate a solution that was launched a few years ago; however, the performance measures do not indicate whether or not the solution is contributing to the desired value. What is the recommended next step?
A)Replace the solution as soon as possible
B)Identify and collect more measurements => true
C)Increase the efficiency of the solution
D)Reduce the business' expectations of value

Question 77A business analyst (BA) worked with two stakeholders to finalize the access rights related requirements for an internal software application. According to the first stakeholder “Comments, once entered in the application, should be stored for 365 days and should not allow the users to delete”. According to the second stakeholder, “The users with super administrator privileges should be able to add/delete/modify every page/section in the entire application.” Which characteristic does this pair of requirements fail to meet?
A)Concise
B)Consistent => true
C)Complete
D)Complex

Question 78A business analyst (BA) has been spending the majority of the past week cataloguing the new, removed, and modified components of an upcoming project. What is the main purpose of the BA performing this work?
A)To establish the key performance indicators
B)To define the future state => true
C)To identify the domain subject matter expert
D)To document the current state

Question 79A business analyst (BA) is verifying requirements for a software solution. The BA needs to confirm that items determined to be important are included in the final requirements deliverable. Which of the following will help the BA complete this task?
A)Checklists => true
B)Requirements matrix
C)Evaluation criteria
D)Prioritization

Question 80A business analyst (BA) working with a large insurance corporation interviewed an industry thought leader who predicted that many of the regulations currently imposed by the government will change very soon. The BA carefully documented all these inputs from the thought leader because it will impact many of the strategic initiatives of the insurance company. What specific element of requirement validation is being executed by the BA?
A)Identify constraints
B)Define measurable evaluation criteria
C)Identify assumptions => true
D)Evaluate alignment with solution scope

Question 81The business analyst (BA) recommended a new application be rolled out in phases. After reviewing alternatives, the project sponsor agreed. What does the BA expect to achieve by this approach?
A)Increase stakeholder engagement
B)Maximize allocation
C)Maximize benefits => true
D)Increase process validation

Question 82A banking giant recently found a major security loophole in their online banking platform that could expose customer information. Security experts and the business analyst (BA) develop a low cost, low effort emergency fix to address this issue. What factor should the BA use to convince the bank to move forward with the emergency fix?
A)Cost
B)Schedule
C)Impact
D)Urgency => true

Question 83A project to implement shared registration procedures across multiple jurisdictions has stalled several times. The new business analyst (BA) assigned to the project used a collaborative game to elicit requirements. What effect was the BA attempting to achieve?
A)Minimal variance from planned effort
B)Close alignment with corporate values
C)Stimulate teamwork in a fun situation => true
D)High confidence in conclusions

Question 84A certain stakeholder requirement has been analyzed and broken down into several solution requirements, each affecting a different IT system. After solution design, the business analyst (BA) receives feedback that one of the IT systems will take longer than anticipated to implement. What requirements artifact or technique will assist the BA in better understanding the related requirements?
A)MoSCoW prioritization
B)Backlog management
C)Requirements documentation
D)Traceability matrix => true

Question 85A business analyst (BA) has decided to use a passive/unnoticeable job shadowing elicitation approach. What is an advantage of using this technique?
A)Experiencing the performance of the task in a hands-on approach
B)Obtaining the opinions of the performers without management interfering
C)Gaining clarity in the process by asking questions of the performer as it is being performed
D)Identifying instances of informally performed tasks as well as any workarounds => true

Question 86A business analyst (BA) has been hired to validate a project's requirements. A series of meetings with stakeholders have been scheduled to walk through each requirement as it relates to the desired future state of the organization. The desired outcome of this exercise is to ensure that all requirements:
A)link to user stories.
B)are articulated correctly.
C)are funded by the business sponsors.
D)support the delivery of needed value. => true

Question 87A business analyst (BA) is tasked with developing requirements that can be implemented by the development team iteratively. Which characteristic should the requirements exhibit?
A)Substantial
B)Granular => true
C)Prioritized
D)Unambiguous

Question 88The business analyst (BA) assigned to support a legacy system has developed a customer survey to assess its usability. Before distributing the survey, what should the BA do?
A)Validate the survey with the project sponsor
B)Observe customer interaction with the system => true
C)Review the risk register with the project sponsor
D)Update the project plan to include the survey

Question 89Several user groups are impacted by a proposed change to their daily work flow. How should the business analyst (BA) convey these changes so that the user groups understand the impact?
A)Develop a data model diagram
B)Create business process models => true
C)Write functional requirements
D)Establish a communication plan

Question 90A passport agency has recently deployed an online system where customers can apply for, amend, and renew passports. The expected volumes have not been realized and as a result, the agency has not achieved the projected savings. A business analyst (BA) has been asked to investigate the potential causes of this shortfall by understanding the trends, patterns. and volumes at a detailed level. What method of requirements elicitation should the BA start with?
A)Data Mining => true
B)Mind Mapping
C)Business Rules Analysis
D)Interviews

Question 91Verification of requirements on the projects have highlighted an issue regarding misunderstanding of design models among key stakeholders. A major reason cited for the misunderstanding was the technical jargon and models used in the documentation. What must the business analyst (BA) do to improve the understanding?
A)Ensure completeness within the models used
B)Verify that elements within the models are used consistently
C)Represent design models using common terminology => true
D)Check for compliance with organization standards

Question 92The business analyst (BA) is assigned a small project, requiring minor enhancements to an existing system. The BA will meet with the business sponsor and developer next week to gather information about the change. What should the BA review before the meeting?
A)Minutes from the last steering committee meeting
B)Organizational structure of the impacted department
C)Functional design specification of the existing system => true
D)Current list of funded initiatives for the current year

Question 93A business analyst (BA) is tasked with designing a method of ensuring that the requirements captured during the elicitation sessions satisfy the needs and expectations of the customer experience, within an initiative. The BA identifies a way that the stakeholder requirements can be structured to ensure realization of the desired customer experience. Which viewpoint describes the approach taken by the BA to structure the requirements?
A)User interactions => true
B)Business model
C)Audit and security
D)Business process model

Question 94One of the tasks that the business analyst (BA) needs to complete is to maintain the requirements. As much as the BA values and sees the benefits of maintaining the requirements, the project manager (PM) does not see the same. In order to help the PM understand the value of this task, which following benefit of maintaining the requirements should the BA communicate to the PM?
A)They identify the financial projections of the project.
B)They define the project schedule and future tasks.
C)They describe how to setup the traceability tools.
D)They can easily be traced and reused for future. => true

Question 95A business analyst (BA) is working to identity the business need, specifically the problems with the current state of a process. At which level of the enterprise can the BA identify problems with the current state?
A)Bottom-up => true
B)Top-down
C)From external drivers
D)From middle-management

Question 96A business analyst (BA) is in the process of eliciting requirements. It has been determined that not all requirements can be implemented by the project deadline due to complexity. What must the BA do to ensure maximum benefit for the stakeholders?
A)Ensure users are trained based on requirements
B)Apply quality control on requirements
C)Utilize requirements documentation template
D)Maintain requirements based on priority => true

Question 97A business analyst (BA) is modelling requirements to assist the stakeholders in visualizing the appearance and capabilities of a planned solution. What technique is the BA using?
A)User stories
B)Root cause analysis
C)Prototyping => true
D)Data flow diagrams

Question 98A business analyst (BA) is planning the traceability approach for a project. Why should the BA conduct this planning activity
A)To verify that project information is represented at a high level of abstraction
B)To document the relationship between the different phases of the project for different stakeholders
C)To ensure the approach provides enough detail to add value without excessive overhead => true
D)To associate information with individual or related groups of requirements

Question 99A business analyst (BA) is eliciting requirements for a pharmaceutical distribution company with an expansion plan across many states, each with their own tools and methods. To make the requirements as re-usable as possible, what should the BA do?
A)Make specific references to applications or departments
B)Provide details for the requirements
C)Describe the requirements at a high level of abstraction => true
D)Limit the relationships between requirements

Question 100A business analyst (BA) is defining a stakeholder approval approach for the requirement deliverables. The project involves implementing new government regulatory requirements with significant risk to the organization in case of non-compliance. According to the BABOK ® GUIDE, what will the BA need to do?
A)Ensure high level user stories are completed and accepted
B)Use an informal approval process to speed up delivery
C)Use a rigorous approval process of detailed specifications => true
D)Ensure the document is completed and signed off

Question 101A new payments system was recently implemented to replace an old legacy system. The system users have lodged a complaint that the new system is slower than the old system but system performance statistics show more efficiency. How does the business analyst (BA) demonstrate to users how the new system is performing?
A)Collect system metrics and communicate results in an understandable format => true
B)Identify the dependencies of the system with other applications
C)Analyze the feasibility of including additional hardware resources to the system
D)Evaluate the payments process to identify areas of improvement in the system

Question 102The business analyst (BA) has scheduled an informal review of audit requirements with the compliance officer. The BA wants to demonstrate that the requirements collectively support one another so begins with reviewing the:
A)template architectures. => true
B)business rules document.
C)functional specification.
D)work breakdown structure.

Question 103A business analyst (BA) is developing the requirements for an inventory management system. Some current accounting processes are automated but other departments like purchasing, marketing, sales and distribution departments work in isolation and have a manual process. They extensively use spreadsheets to maintain the transactions and at the end of the day the department managers manually verify and reconcile transactions before supplying the information to the accounting department. In order to verify and validate the elicited requirements, the BA will need to prepare a:
A)single process model on automation for all stakeholders.
B)database structure in the viewpoint of the selected stakeholders
C)list of requirements in a spreadsheet for all stakeholders.
D)set of process models in the viewpoint of the selected stakeholders. => true

Question 104There are competing needs from the different business areas that will use a new system. The business analyst (BA) sets up a weekly meeting with a structured agenda to review the total effort, cost, business impact and risk of each requirement with the business leads to determine what is included in each release of the solution. What approach has the BA defined?
A)Prioritization approach => true
B)Communication approach
C)Collaboration approach
D)Traceability approach

Question 105A business analyst (BA) begins to suspect that the ongoing elicitation activities with stakeholders are not delivering the quality of business analysis information required due to a lack of stakeholder participation. What type of technique can the BA adopt to resolve this type of issue?
A)Stakeholder Engagement => true
B)Roles and Permissions Matrix
C)Requirements Validation
D)Risk Analysis and Management

Question 106Two business analysts (BAs) are working on a requirement elicitation activity. One BA comes across a checklist that contains stakeholder details such as who are involved, location, group dynamics that are to be considered before beginning the elicitation activity and seeks a clarification from the second BA. The other BA explains that these details, along with several other items mentioned in the checklist, are required to:
A)select elicitation techniques.
B)prepare stakeholders.
C)secure supporting material.
D)understand scope of elicitation. => true

Question 107A business analyst (BA) is validating requirements and has found that the design cannot be validated to support the requirements. Which of the following is creating this situation?
A)Incorrect assumptions.
B)Lack of requirements traceability.
C)Missing requirements. => true
D)Substandard solution design.

Question 108A business analyst (BA) has been asked to develop a plan to complete the associated business analysis activities for a project in which an organization is switching from a manual to an automated process for receiving payments. As the final step in developing the plan, which technique will the BA use?
A)Surveys or Questionnaires for the current initiative
B)Functional Decomposition for the current initiative
C)Lessons learned from previous initiatives => true
D)Process modelling from previous initiatives

Question 109A business analyst (BA) has completed an impact analysis of a proposed change, gained approval for the change, and has updated the requirements. The project sponsor wants to be updated with an overview of the results. How should the BA communicate the results?
A)Schedule a requirements workshop
B)Present the requirements at a high-level => true
C)Email the requirements package
D)Create use case scenarios

Question 110An organization prefers to execute projects using an adaptive approach. However, the new project is much more complex than previously executed projects. What will the business analyst (BA) recommend?
A)Select an extreme programming approach
B)Review current approach with key stakeholders => true
C)Follow a predictive approach
D)Choose an agile programming approach

Question 111Using the stakeholder matrix as a guide, how should the BA engage the suppliers?
A)Meet with the suppliers to discuss their needs
B)Ensure the suppliers are kept informed by showing interest in their needs => true
C)Communicate changes to the suppliers by general communication
D)Focus efforts to engage with the suppliers regularly

Question 112A survey on a new system was conducted after the chief executive officer (CEO), who is also the project sponsor, expressed concerns about the uptake of the new system. The CEO is neither sure that the concerns are valid nor whether the survey was conclusive about the success of the project. The business analyst (BA) has been tasked to address the concerns expressed by the CEO and evaluate the results of the survey. What must the BA do to determine that the system is performing as intended and address the concerns of the CEO?
A)Evaluate the new system against competitor applications
B)Confirm the satisfaction of business requirements
C)Conduct another survey to validate the original results
D)Validate performance measures and alignment with KPIs => true

Question 113What does a diagram of this type help users to understand?
A)Decision-making
B)Regulatory compliance
C)Business capability
D)Process improvement => true

Question 114During a project to replace an existing system, requirements for new functionality were elicited. Upon further investigation, additional types of requirements related to other features and characteristics were also identified. What can facilitate effectively understanding the different types of requirements?
A)Fishbone diagram
B)Classification schema => true
C)Process modelling
D)Scope modelling

Question 115A team of business analysts (BAs) identified policies that dictate how the organization grants paid time off for its employees and the associated business rules. What is this team of BAs trying to do?
A)Analyze the benefits information
B)Analyze the current state of the enterprise => true
C)Identify hidden business rules
D)Explore human resources documentation

Question 116A senior business analyst (BA) is tasked with verifying a set of requirements written by a junior BA for a system. During this exercise, the junior BA will ensure that the requirements exhibit atomic characteristics. The senior BA will be verifying that the requirements:
A)can be understood independently of other requirements. => true
B)are written using terminology common for the audience.
C)contain no extraneous and unnecessary content.
D)are aligned with the identified need of the stakeholders.

Question 117A business analyst (BA) has completed documenting requirements and to save time, recommends sharing the requirements document with the development team to fast-track development immediately. What issue may arise by doing so?
A)Stakeholders may refuse the solution. => true
B)Requirements metrics may not be measurable.
C)The BA may significantly impact other aspects of the project timeline.
D)The business need may change.

Question 118A business analyst (BA) is working on a project that follows incremental and iterative approaches. The BA and the stakeholders have shortlisted several user stories to be considered in the project scope. Which of the following methods would enable them to arrive at a common understanding on delivering value in the product and ranking the stories?
A)Story decomposition
B)State modelling
C)Value stream mapping
D)MoSCoW prioritization => true

Question 119Before beginning requirements elicitation, a business analyst (BA) has planned the necessary activities, identified needed stakeholders, and documented this in the Business Analysis Plan. Which approach will help the BA ensure that stakeholders are available when required?
A)Talk to the stakeholders' managers to ensure the resources will be available
B)Send meeting invitations well in advance so stakeholders can plan in time
C)Conduct a review of the plan with the stakeholders and adjust according to the feedback received => true
D)Request an introduction letter from the business sponsor highlighting the importance of the initiative

Question 120A large online retailer is introducing new technology to upgrade its aging ordering process. The business analyst (BA) has drawn a stakeholder matrix showing information on how to engage with the stakeholders throughout the project. Using the stakeholder matrix as a guide, how should the BA engage the suppliers?
A)Meet with the suppliers to discuss their needs
B)Ensure the suppliers are kept informed by showing interest in their needs => true
C)Communicate changes to the suppliers by general communication
D)Focus efforts to engage with the suppliers regularly
