CCBA Practice - Simulation - 23/3/2026

Question 1Which of the following are the key inputs required to adequately prepare to elicit requirements information on the project?A)Stakeholder engagement approach, needs => TrueB)Business case, needsC)Solution scope, needsD)Stakeholder list, maps, and personas

Question 2How does a business analyst decide if a change strategy is needed?A)When the business analyst determines a change strategy would help the enterprise transition to its future state.B)When the organization needs to create missing capabilities to achieve the future state.C)When the organization needs to create missing or improve existing capabilities in order to achieve the future state. => TrueD)When an organization is moving from a current to future state.

Question 3You have just completed a thorough stakeholder analysis during which you identified all the stakeholders that will be directly or indirectly impacted by the current initiative you are working on. What would be the output of this analysis?A)RACI matrixB)Stakeholder engagement approach => TrueC)Stakeholder management planD)Stakeholder register

Question 4Rohan has been working as a Business Analyst on a City Transportation project. He has recently identified a list of stakeholders who are directly and indirectly impacted by the change or who can influence the project. Rohan now wants to identify where and how each stakeholder will contribute to the initiative. What next step should Rohan take to obtain this information?A)Observe the stakeholders to see if they have positive or negative attitude towards this project.B)Collect the contact details of each stakeholder so that he can reach out to them to learn more about them.C)Obtain additional information about the roles of each identified stakeholder on the list. => TrueD)Study the Organizational Chart thoroughly to gain insight as to how the stakeholders fit into the organization.

Question 5Which of the following statements about elicitation and collaboration is NOT true?A)Elicitation and collaboration can be planned, unplanned, or both.B)Elicitation and collaboration are ongoing activities and focus upon all types of business analysis information.C)Elicitation activities may trigger additional elicitation.D)Elicitation and collaboration focus only on requirements elicitation. => True

Question 6Which of the following tasks provides stakeholders with the information they need, at the time they need it?A)Conduct elicitationB)Confirm elicitation resultsC)Communicate business analysis information => TrueD)Manage stakeholder collaboration

Question 7What kind of diagram is used in the specify and model requirements task to show how processes or objects interact during a scenario by showing the information passed between them?A)Activity diagramB)Sequence diagram => TrueC)Process diagramD)Context diagram

Question 8Business analysis performance assessments help identify opportunities for future improvement. For maximum benefit, when should performance analysis occur?A)When carrying out closing processesB)At the beginning of every sprintC)Throughout the life cycle of an initiative => TrueD)During retrospectives

Question 9What is the primary difference between formal and informal documentation as possible forms for business analysis (information) packages?A)Formal documentation is always approved and signed off on by the sponsor.B)Formal documentation is always presented in the form of a presentation.C)Formal documentation always includes texts, matrices, and/or diagrams.D)Formal documentation is usually based on a template used by the organization and provides a stable, easy to use, long-term record of the information. => True

Question 10Which of the following techniques would be best suited to identify how to evaluate the quality of the requirements?A)Verify requirementsB)Metrics and key performance indicators (KPIs) => TrueC)Acceptance and evaluation criteria.D)Reviews

Question 11In which of the following situations are scope models particularly helpful?A)When the logic of usage sequences needs to be modeled.B)When a boundary of some sort needs to be defined. => TrueC)When asked for a graphical representation of the Work Breakdown Structure.D)When describing the entities, classes, or data objects that are relevant to a domain.

Question 12Catherine is preparing to specify and model requirements. She starts with conducting a thorough stakeholder analysis to identify stakeholders and analyze their characteristics. What technique is Catherine using?A)Stakeholder list, map, or personas => TrueB)Organizational modelingC)Stakeholder analysisD)Roles and permissions matrix

Question 13Sean, a BA, is working with a business owner to clarify the organization's business objectives. The business owner keeps talking about the current situation and a new project to automate a cumbersome business process. Sean tries to bring her back to the business objectives. Finally the business owner says that she has three business objectives: increase employee satisfaction, improve revenues by increasing sales, and comply with new regulations. Sean is not comfortable with these business objectives. Why?A)They are not measurable. => TrueB)They are stated but not confirmed.C)They do not state the business benefits.D)They do not state the business problem or opportunity.

Question 14Luis has been asked to complete a post-implementation evaluation of a new, automated system that was recently installed. After reviewing the project and the actual performance statistics, he saw that actual performance was better than the metrics that had been defined, yet there were frequent complaints from end-users and management about its usefulness. His final recommendation was that the system be eliminated. Which of the following might have prompted the recommendation?A)Although the performance was actually better than the defined performance metrics for the solution, the end-users complained about the new business process that was put in place in conjunction with the new system.B)Although the performance was actually better than the defined performance metrics for the solution, many of the stakeholders complained about the slow system response time.C)Although the performance was actually better than the defined performance metrics for the solution, the solution may not have addressed the business need for which the project was undertaken and was redundant. => TrueD)The original cost/benefit analysis completed during project initiation was faulty in that forecasted benefits were inflated.

Question 15Which subset of stakeholders are likely to participate in the define design options task?A)Implementation subject matter expert, operational support, supplier => TrueB)Operational support, project manager, end userC)Implementation subject matter expert, regulator, domain subject matter expertD)Operational support, domain subject matter expert, sponsor

Question 16Your team is writing a business case and is having trouble agreeing on the business need. High level requirements have been elicited and a preferred solution identified, but the stakeholders are still conflicted about the business need. Which statement best describes the situation?A)The enterprise culture just isn't ready for a formal business analysis approach. An organizational assessment should be conducted.B)Business needs were probably initially expressed along with a presumed solution. => TrueC)The team members are representing varying perspectives.D)Eliciting of requirements did not include the project sponsor.

Question 17What is the primary difference between requirements and designs?A)Requirements and designs are synonyms and can be used interchangeably.B)Requirements are documented in models at which point they become a design.C)It depends how they are being used and by whom. => TrueD)Requirements are the responsibility of the BA; designs are the responsibility of design architects.

Question 18How is the solution core concept in the Business Analysis Core Concept Model applied in the requirements analysis and design definition knowledge area?A)Potential solution options are defined and the one that is most likely to address the need and has the most value is recommended. => TrueB)Potential value of the solution options are analyzed and quantified.C)The performance of the solution is examined and assessed to see if it is delivering the potential value.D)The circumstances that influence and provide understanding of the change are considered when determine solution performance measures.

Question 19Joseph is assessing each design option based on the potential value it is expected to deliver and ensuring that it represents the most effective trade-offs. Which of the following would he NOT consider in this activity?A)Dependencies between requirementsB)Constraints on the solutionC)Requirements allocation => TrueD)Available resources

Question 20What would the BA typically do first while conducting the identify business analysis performance improvements task?A)Conduct interviews and workshops to determine stakeholder requirements.B)Define what constitutes effective business analysis work. => TrueC)Identify corrective and/or preventive actions to improve BA performance.D)Determine assessment measures.

Question 21Which of the following are quantitative benefits that might be included in a business case?A)Improved communication between order-entry and warehouse staff.B)Improved customer satisfaction as a result of better web site navigation.C)Reduced defects as a result of using use cases on the project.D)Reduced inventory from having more accurate counts and through auto-replenishment. => True

Question 22Which of the following subset best describes the characteristics of requirements and designs quality?A)Testable, verified, unambiguous, concise, prioritizedB)Atomic, testable, consistent, defined, complete, understandableC)Unambiguous, complete, feasible, standardized, testableD)Atomic, testable, consistent, feasible, complete, understandable => TrueQuestion 23Plan for requirements reuse is an element of which of the following tasks?A)Business analysis planning and monitoringB)Plan business analysis approachC)Plan business analysis information management => TrueD)Plan traceability approach

Question 24Sanjay just met with one of his stakeholders who wants to add two new requirements to a solution after it had been signed off the previous week. In addition, the new requirements did not match the overall scope of the solution. However, Sanjay was convinced that the developers could easily handle the two new requirements so he passed them on to the development team. What should Sanjay have done?A)Put the new two requirements into a future phase for delivery.B)Get approval to change the scope of the solution from whomever has the authority to approve changes and add the new requirements. => TrueC)Nothing different, since the developers could easily handle the new requirements this approach was okay.D)Update the business requirements document and ask for signoff again. Once signoff is given the new requirements can be handed off to development.

Question 25Anika is a BA who is getting pressure from her management about obtaining the approval for her solution requirements. The business requirements have been signed off on and the solution has been chosen. Anika met with her director to educate him on why it is inappropriate at this time to review the solution since she has not finished her technical requirements specification. Once she has the document completed she will review it with the management team. What approach should Anika preferably take?A)Create a presentation of the high-level functionality delivered by the solution and present to stakeholders for approval. => TrueB)Explain why her approach is the correct one and to ask for patience.C)Inform her project manager of the situation so that they can address any potential issues together.D)Inform her manager of the pressure she is receiving so that they can address any potential issues.

Question 26Dustin is a BA who has just completed defining an appropriate method to conduct business analysis activities when a stakeholder raises concerns about how decisions will be made. In response to the disgruntled stakeholder, Dustin wants to solidify how decisions will be made about requirements, including reviews, change control, and prioritization. However, you remind him he has to complete one more task before he can start this activity. What would that task be?A)Plan business analysis approachB)Plan stakeholder engagement => TrueC)Decision analysisD)Root cause analysis

Question 27You have been hired as a BA on a two year project. Information is gathered through team interaction and feedback, with rapid delivery of business value in short iterations. What approach is the project using?A)PredictiveB)Adaptive => TrueC)Plan-drivenD)Waterfall

Question 28Which deliverable is the main output of the plan stakeholder engagement task?A)Stakeholder registerB)The communication approach to be utilized with identified stakeholdersC)Stakeholder engagement approach => TrueD)Stakeholder analysis

Question 29Financial resources, patents, reputation, and brand names are all examples of which of the following elements?A)Macroeconomic factorsB)Business architectureC)Internal assets => TrueD)Capabilities

Question 30In many cases, stakeholders have different, conflicting needs and expectations. How would a business analyst help expose these differences and ensure their needs are met?A)Through validation => TrueB)Through collaborationC)Through item trackingD)Through specifying and modeling their requirements

Question 31XYZ is a new organization that uses agile methodology. The organization is looking for an easy way to share business analysis information. The stakeholders decide on a whiteboard. Is this a viable solution?A)No; the information shared on whiteboards can be too easily altered or erased and so is too risky.B)Yes; a whiteboard is a viable information management tool. => TrueC)No; information management tools must enable the reuse of business analysis information.D)Yes; stakeholders involved in the project are in the best position to determine how to share business analysis information.

Question 32You have been hired as the senior business analyst on a project that will span three years. You discover that solution definitions have been defined and tasks are performed in specific phases. What approach is the project using?A)Waterfall => TrueB)AgileC)ScrumD)Extreme programming

Question 33Which of the following is NOT an improvement opportunity when defining design options?A)Increase consistency of behaviorB)Eliminate redundancyC)Improve access to stakeholders => TrueD)Improve access to information

Question 34The leaders of a retail store employing approximately 100 floor personnel have been hearing more complaints from employees during the last three months about difficult co-workers, not enough vacation time, scheduling policies, etc. In addition, three valuable employees have given their notice during the last two months. Raja has been asked to evaluate employee satisfaction. The organization has no current performance measures in place.A)It would provide a quantitative baseline from which to measure improvement. => TrueB)It would allow Raja to ascertain if the information elicited from the focus group was representative of all personnel.C)It would provide a qualitative baseline from which to measure improvement.D)What is the biggest benefit the chosen technique from the previous question would provide?

Question 35Thomas is the lead business analyst on a project that has complex requirements. To ensure stakeholders understand the requirements and provide input and feedback early in the design process, Thomas recommends to use which of the following techniques?A)User stories.B)Organizational modeling.C)Prototyping. => TrueD)Acceptance and Evaluation Criteria.

Question 36The lead business analyst planned an event to analyze the potential value for each design option and recommend a solution. What inputs will be needed to accomplish this task?A)Risk analysis results, design optionsB)Potential value, design options => TrueC)Potential value, business objectives, design optionsD)Potential value, risk analysis results, design options

Question 37Does the predictive or adaptive planning approach place more emphasis on requirements prioritization?A)Prioritization of requirements is low priority for both approaches.B)PredictiveC)Adaptive => TrueD)Both approaches place equal emphasis on requirements prioritization.

Question 38What is business model canvas?A)A business modeling tool for drawing pictures.B)A process that describes the rationale for requirements.C)A model that describes requirements in picture form.D)A technique that describes the rationale for requirements. => True

Question 39Your organization has announced an initiative to streamline accounts payable processes across all of its divisions. You are a business analyst assigned to analyze current business processes and recommend one process for all divisions. Which of the following are you LEAST likely to do?A)Map the current processes in all the divisions to identify and eliminate redundancies.B)Recommend a new process to increase consistency of behavior.C)Increase the complexity of system interfaces. => TrueD)Improve access to information.

Question 40You are conducting a workshop to come up with ideas on how to solve the issue of delays in the billing process. Which one of the following would be a suggested starting point?A)Brainstorm potential solutionsB)Identify potential root causes for the delaysC)Draw a diagram of the process => TrueD)Describe the current process

Question 41You are a business analyst working on a data strategy effort for your organization. You want to minimize your up-front uncertainty and maximize your control over the business analysis activities on the effort. What business analysis approach would best fit this effort?A)Analytical approachB)Change-driven approachC)Predictive approach => TrueD)Adaptive approach

Question 42What is the output of the manage stakeholder collaboration task?A)Stakeholder engagement. => TrueB)Business analysis performance assessment.C)Stakeholder list, maps, and personas.D)Stakeholder collaboration.

Question 43When analyzing the current state of an organization, a business analyst may perform a cultural assessment. Which of the following is NOT true regarding the value of a cultural assessment?A)A cultural assessment will identify which processes and tools are sufficient enough to support the new solution. => TrueB)A cultural assessment will ascertain whether or not stakeholders believe change is necessary.C)A cultural assessment will identify if cultural changes are required to achieve goals.D)A cultural assessment will ascertain whether or not stakeholders view the current state as satisfactory.

Question 44Which of the following types of risk tolerance would be most likely to need a risk mitigation strategy?A)Risk-seekingB)Risk averse => TrueC)NeutralityD)Risk transferring

Question 45Which task of solution evaluation identifies root causes and describes how enterprise factors limit the solution's value realization?A)Measure solution performanceB)Analyze potential value and recommend solutionC)Assess enterprise limitations => TrueD)Assess solution limitations

Question 46Gwen is planning for a workshop to assess design options and recommend a solution. She has scheduled the session and sent out the invitations. Unfortunately, she has gotten several meeting declines. Which of the following limitations is she likely to encounter should she decide to continue with the workshop?A)Decisions that don't represent the needs of the majority of the stakeholders. => TrueB)Avoid too many participants that can slow down the workshop process.C)Achieve agreement in a relatively short period of time.D)Post workshop wrap-up will not need to be done.

Question 47Which of the following is an invalid statement about the approval of requirements?A)Adaptive approaches typically approve requirements just before construction and implementation of a solution begins.B)Predictive approaches typically perform approvals at the end of the phase or during planned change control meetings.C)Project managers obtain approval by reviewing the requirements or changes to requirements with the accountable individuals. => TrueD)Approval of requirements and designs may be formal or informal.

Question 48This model represents "a sequence of actions, events, or a course that may be taken." Which requirements model category is represented by the above statement?A)Rationale.B)People and Roles.C)Activity Flow. => TrueD)Entity Relationship.

Question 49Leah and her team have identified requirements that are candidates for long-term use by the organization. Which of the following is not essential in order to maximize the benefits of maintaining and reusing requirements?A)Requirements should be represented in a consistent manner.B)Requirements should be stored in a manner that makes them easily accessible and retrievable by other stakeholders.C)Requirements should be prioritized in the order of relative importance. => TrueD)Requirements should be reviewed and approved for maintenance using a standardized process that defines proper access rights and ensures quality.

Question 50What is included in the output of the plan stakeholder engagement task in business analysis planning and monitoring?A)Lessons learnedB)Business analysis approachC)Stakeholder communication needsD)Collaboration and communication approaches the business analyst will use in the project => True

Question 51Which of the following LEAST describes why an activity diagram may be utilized?A)An activity diagram can elaborate on a single use case.B)An activity diagram facilitates the identification of potential improvements by highlighting "pain points" in the process structure.C)An activity diagram utilizes business process model and notation (BPMN) so it can distinguish the activities of different participants in a process with either pools or swim lanes. => TrueD)An activity diagram is effective at showing how to handle a large number of scenarios and parallel branches.

Question 52Kevin wants to model the rationale or the 'why' of a particular change. Which technique might he use to accomplish this task?A)Stakeholder list, map, or Personas.B)Scope modeling. => TrueC)User stories.D)Process modeling.

Question 53The senior business analyst requested that all requirements be self-contained and capable of being understood independently of other requirements or designs. Which characteristic of requirements and designs is the senior business analyst requesting?A)UnambiguousB)CompleteC)Atomic => TrueD)Consistent

Question 54In order to assess business analysis work and plan for improvements where required, it is important to consider the benefits obtained and assess whether the cost, time, and resource investments are justifiable. What assessment measure does this describe?A)Significance => TrueB)EffectivenessC)TimelinessD)Strategic

Question 55Which of the following describes a component of a UML standard activity diagrams?A)Decision branches represented by a horizontal bar with multiple paths continuing forward.B)Joins represented by a diamond bringing a number of parallel flows into a single flow.C)Diamonds with multiple exit decision points. => TrueD)Rounded rectangles converging independent flows into a single flow.

Question 56McKenna is working with stakeholders to prioritize requirements. Initially stakeholders prioritized requirements based upon the perceived benefits. Then, technical personnel re-prioritized them due to technical dependencies and constraints. Business stakeholders then re-prioritized them again once they received the cost of implementation per requirement. What element is this describing?A)Rationale for prioritizationB)Challenges of prioritizationC)Basis for prioritizationD)Continual prioritization => True

Question 57Which of the following statements is TRUE about specifying and modeling requirements?A)Different types of requirements might be specified and modeled at the same time. => TrueB)Only stakeholder requirements and solution requirements can be specified at the same time.C)Business requirements must be specified and modeled before any other type of requirements.D)Transition requirements are always specified and modeled last.

Question 58You have been assigned to specify requirements as a brief statement about what people do or need to do when using the solution. Which one of the following criteria is NOT part of your activity?A)One to two sentence stories that allow the developer to estimate the work required for implementation.B)A short description of the solution capability that provides value to the stakeholder.C)High-level information that is informal.D)Detailed information in the form of a story that allows the developer to build through several releases. => True

Question 59Hae Lin is ensuring that the requirements and designs have been defined correctly and provide the necessary information for further work that will be performed. What task is Hae Lin doing?A)Verify requirements. => TrueB)Validate requirements.C)Perform quality assurance.D)Maintain requirements.

Question 60A business analyst intern wants to be able to make trade-offs between requirements, identify stakeholders affected by potential changes, and understand the effect of a proposed change. Where would you advise the intern to look for this information?A)RepositoryB)Traceability documentC)Requirements attributes => TrueD)Business policies document

Question 61A data dictionary contains two types of data elements. What are they?A)Primitive and composite => TrueB)Uni-variable and multi-variableC)Simple and complexD)Primitive and advanced

Question 62Which input describes the value that may be realized by implementing the proposed future state? It can be used as a benchmark against which solution performance can be evaluated.A)Business objectivesB)Solution performance measuresC)Relationship managementD)Potential Value => True

Question 63Kato is working with stakeholders on a proof of concept to validate the design of the new system. What type of elicitation is Kato's team utilizing?A)ResearchB)CollaborativeC)PrototypingD)Experiments => True

Question 64The lead business analyst has assigned you to create requirements models that would help the project team understand roles, responsibilities and reporting structures that exist within the organization and align those structures with the organization's goals. Which requirements model category would you use?A)RationaleB)Stakeholder List, Map, or PersonasC)People and Roles => TrueD)Organizational Modeling

Question 65Kathy is a BA and has just been assigned to work on a government compliance project. Known as a "doer," she is anxious to get started with her elicitation and collaboration activities, especially regarding an interview with a key stakeholder who will go on vacation in a week. Her BA mentor, Ellie, urges her to slow down a bit and complete some activities before conducting the interview. What does Ellie recommend that Kathy do before she starts elicitation?A)Understand needs, gather business analysis information, develop the stakeholder engagement approach and the business analysis performance assessment. => TrueB)Develop the elicitation plan, elicitation results (unconfirmed), elicitation (confirmed), business analysis information (communicated) and stakeholder engagement.C)Prepare the elicitation activity plan.D)Understand needs, gather business analysis information, develop the stakeholder engagement approach.

Question 66"Atomic" is a characteristic of requirements and design quality. What does it mean?A)It is self-contained and capable of being understood independently of other requirements or designs.B)It is self-contained and capable of being understood independently of other requirements or designs. => TrueC)It contains no extraneous or unnecessary content.D)It is at the level that will guide further work.

Question 67Padma and her team are ensuring all requirements work in harmony as a single whole that supports overall business objectives and produces meaningful outcome for the stakeholders. What is the purpose of this exercise?A)To manage requirements relationshipsB)To harmonize requirementsC)To define requirements architecture => TrueD)To define design options

Question 68According to the BABOK, which of the following are the tasks listed in the elicitation and collaboration knowledge area?A)Prepare for elicitation, conduct elicitation, confirm elicitation results, document elicitation, and communicate business analysis information.B)Prepare for elicitation, conduct elicitation, confirm elicitation results, communicate business analysis information, and verify the outcomes of the solution.C)Prepare for elicitation, conduct elicitation, confirm elicitation results, communicate business analysis information, and facilitate stakeholder engagement.D)Prepare for elicitation, conduct elicitation, confirm elicitation results, communicate business analysis information, and manage stakeholder collaboration. => True

Question 69Which of the following are outputs of the define future state task?A)Business goals and objectives, future state description, potential valueB)Business objectives, future state description, potential value => TrueC)Business objectives, capability analysis, potential valueD)Business goals and objectives, capability analysis, potential value

Question 70What are the inputs to the manage stakeholder collaboration task?A)Stakeholder engagement approach and business analysis approachB)Stakeholder engagement approach and information management approachC)Business analysis approach and business analysis performance assessmentD)Stakeholder engagement approach and business analysis performance assessment => True

Question 71Cindy was working on requirements dependencies and prioritization. Requirement #5.1.2 was dependent on requirement #5.1. Requirement #5.1 was dependent on requirement #3.0. Requirement #3.0 was given a priority of medium, and requirement #5.1 was given a priority of low. A new requirement #7.0 was added, and it was determined that requirement #5.1 was actually dependent on #7.0. Requirement #7.0 was given a priority of high and the priority of #5.1 was changed to medium. What was the deciding factor to change the priority of requirement #5.1?A)EffortB)NecessityC)SubsetD)Value => True

Question 72In order to conduct elicitation, what guidelines and tools will you need?A)Business analysis approach, elicitation activity plan, stakeholder engagement approach, and supporting materialsB)Business analysis approach, existing business analysis information, stakeholder engagement approach, and the elicitation activity planC)Elicitation activity plan, existing business analysis information, stakeholder engagement approach, and supporting materialsD)Business analysis approach, existing business analysis Information, stakeholder engagement approach, and supporting materials => True

Question 73Which techniques would work best to confirm your elicitation results?A)Document analysis, interviews, reviews, process modelingB)Document analysis, interviews, reviews, requirements modelC)Document analysis, interviews, process modeling, workshopsD)Document analysis, interviews, reviews, workshops => True

Question 74Which of the following is NOT a consideration when approving requirements?A)Conflict and issue managementB)Gain consensusC)Governance approach => TrueD)Understand stakeholder roles

Question 75Peggy is applying her findings of the gap analysis to the solution scope and change strategy. What should she keep in mind during this exercise?A)The most timely way to acquire new capabilities so the business can realize value as quickly as possible.B)That the gap analysis findings may have to be allocated to various releases defined in the project scope.C)That the same techniques should be used to describe the current and future states to simplify the comparison.D)The findings must be applied to both the transition and future states. => True

Question 76Which task in the elicitation and collaboration knowledge area may use all of the following techniques: brainstorming, focus groups, interviews, and observation?A)Prepare for elicitationB)Manage elicitation resultsC)Conduct elicitation => TrueD)Confirm elicitation results

Question 77The following statements describe how business analysts use requirements architecture. Which one is NOT a correct description?A)Business analysts use requirements architecture to ensure every requirement links back to an objective and shows how an objective was met. => TrueB)Business analysts use a requirements architecture to understand which models are appropriate for the domain, solution scope, and audience.C)Business analysts use requirements architecture to make trade-off decisions about requirements while considering the overall objectives.D)Business analysts use requirements architecture to ensure the requirements work together to achieve the overall objectives.

Question 78Which of the following is NOT true about business rules?A)Business rules are exclusively expressed and managed through implementation technology for a given solution. => TrueB)Business rule changes can be implemented quickly if they are managed by a single enterprise-wide engine.C)Business rules guide operational business decision-making.D)Business rules shape day-to-day business behavior.

Question 79Which type of stakeholder verifies that the prioritized requirements will deliver value from an organizational perspective?A)CustomerB)Sponsor => TrueC)End userD)Project manager

Question 80Carla and her team have identified and defined the potential value for three design options. What is their logical next step?A)Assess potential vendors.B)Model the design options so they are readily understood by the architect and development team.C)Analyze each option's potential value and ultimately recommend a solution. => TrueD)etermine whether to "make" or "buy."

Question 81Which of the following is an input to gaining approval of requirements?A)Designs => TrueB)Traced requirementsC)Verified needsD)Traced constraints

Question 82Julie is a BA working to help a business owner clarify the business need. The business owner wants to undertake an initiative to eliminate waste throughout her division. She says that such an initiative, which will be comprised of multiple projects, will have the benefits of improved safety, reduced time to deliver the organization's product, and increased customer satisfaction. The listed benefits are another way of articulating which of the following?A)Business objectivesB)The business opportunityC)Desired outcomes => TrueD)Future state description

Question 83Requirements may be related to each other in several ways when defining the requirements architecture. BAs examine each of these relationships to ensure they satisfy quality criteria. Which of the following is NOT a criterion?A)CorrectB)UnambiguousC)Testable => TrueD)Necessary

Question 84How can backlog management be helpful when analyzing and recommending a solution?A)It can be used to determine potential valueB)It can be used to determine the expected benefitsC)It can be used to determine the expected costD)It can be used to sequence the potential value => True

Question 85When should strategy analysis be performed?A)When a business need is identified => TrueB)Before requirements are elicited for any given changeC)Prior to planning the business analysis approachD)Anytime it makes sense to do so

Question 86Which of the following stakeholders are included in the task Verify Requirements?A)Business analyst; domain subject matter experts; developers; architects.B)Business analyst; domain subject matter experts; developers; testers.C)Business analyst; domain subject matter experts; architects; testers.D)All stakeholders. => True

Question 87You are working on a team that is adding a new line of insurance to your company's claims system. Conflicts have arisen among many of the stakeholders as a result of different interpretations of requirements for the new line as well as conflicting values placed on their value. Which stakeholder would you recommend to facilitate communication between stakeholders to resolve the areas of conflict so that each group has an improved appreciation for the needs of the others?A)Human resourcesB)Project managerC)Business analyst => TrueD)Sponsor

Question 88Jonathan is the business analyst on an effort and is validating requirements. Which one of the following activities would Jonathan NOT be performing?A)Identify Solution Validation Criteria. => TrueB)Evaluate Alignment with Solution Scope.C)Define Measurable Evaluation Criteria.D)Identify Assumptions.

Question 89Requirements may be modeled using a variety of formats. Which of the following correctly lists the types of requirements formats?A)Text, matrices, diagrams. => TrueB)Throw-away, evolutionary, functional.C)Logical, physical, formal, informal.D)Text, matrices, graphical.

Question 90When preparing for requirements elicitation, what are the inputs required to develop an elicitation activity plan?A)Business analysis approach, domain SME listB)Business analysis approach, stakeholder engagement approachC)Needs, stakeholder engagement approach => TrueD)Business analysis approach, needs

Question 91Brainstorming would be the most suitable technique for uncovering requirements in which of the following situations?A)Identify dependencies between requirements for traceability purposes.B)Add detail to the current process flow for work order transmittals through the warehouse.C)Conduct a workshop with managers from similar functional units across dispersed locations in an attempt to find process improvement opportunities. => TrueD)Determine the appropriate format for communication of business analysis information.

Question 92An organization seeks to increase employee satisfaction within the next year. What is this an example of?A)Business requirementB)Business objectiveC)Business goal => TrueD)Potential value

Question 93What term describes the money and effort already committed to an initiative?A)Additional costB)Sunk cost => TrueC)Net present valueD)Opportunity cost

Question 94Traceability helps manage requirements and assists in risk, time, change, and scope management. What else can it do?A)Detect implementation IssuesB)Identify missing functionality => TrueC)Identify code defectsD)Identify missing stakeholders

Question 95Anna has assembled a team to define design options. What inputs will they need to accomplish this task?A)Traced requirements, change strategy, requirements architectureB)Validated and prioritized requirements, change strategy, enterprise architectureC)Traced requirements, change strategy, enterprise architectureD)Validated and prioritized requirements, change strategy, requirements architecture => True

Question 96You are a business analyst in Dubai working on a project install enterprise software to a global organization. Your business SMEs work in Asia, Europe, and the Middle East. Your developers are in India. You want to document requirements so that everyone has the same understanding. Which of the following will provide the best clarity?A)Creating process models. => TrueB)Using formal textual descriptions.C)Creating use case descriptions.D)Ensuring that all requirements are documented in a formal requirements specification.

Question 97The project team is in the process of confirming compliance with organizational business analysis performance standards, correct use of modeling notation and completeness within each model, and that items determined to be important are included in the final requirements deliverables. What tool would help in carrying out these activities?A)Checklist => TrueB)Item trackingC)Control chartD)Metrics and key performance indicators (KPIs)

Question 98As business analyst on an initiative, you are documenting relationships that exist between requirements. While traceability is valuable, you balance the number of relationship types with the benefit gained by representing them. Which stakeholder would be required to approve these relationships?A)Project managerB)TesterC)Product ownerD)Sponsor => True

Question 99In order to validate requirements, you must first do what?A)Verify requirements.B)Specify and model requirements. => TrueC)Define design options.D)Confirm requirements.

Question 100Rainer is a BA for Deutscheser Bank, an international financial conglomerate. He is starting to evaluate a requested change to a requirement for the initiative he is working on. What are the outputs of this process?A)Assessed requirements and designsB)Requirements and designsC)Verified requirements and designsD)Requirements and designs change assessments => True

Question 101Which of the following is NOT a consideration in the trace requirements task?A)RelationshipsB)Level of formalityC)Traceability repositoryD)Depends => True

Question 102What are the possible forms that a business analysis (information) package could include?A)Informal documentationB)Formal documentationC)Text, matrices, diagrams, and presentations => TrueD)Formal and informal documentation

Question 103Which of the following sets include typical factors that influence requirements prioritization?A)Benefit, penalty, cost, risk, dependencies, time sensitivity, stability, regulatory or policy compliance => TrueB)Urgency, penalty, cost, risk, dependencies, time sensitivity, stability, regulatory or policy complianceC)Urgency, penalty, cost, risk, dependencies, time sensitivity, impact, regulatory or policy complianceD)Benefit, penalty, cost, risk, dependencies, time sensitivity, regulatory or policy compliance

Question 104Requirements that don't meet quality standards have likely been evaluated in which task?A)Verify and validate requirementsB)Verify requirements => TrueC)Value requirementsD)Validate requirements

Question 105Brad is the business analyst in his small business unit. The organization is undergoing restructuring and introducing changes to the business analysis approach. As part of the structural changes, Brad has been asked to assess each proposed change. In this activity, which of the following is LEAST likely to be a consideration?A)Each proposed change impacts the time to deliver or the resources required to deliver the value.B)Each proposed change aligns with the overall strategy.C)Each proposed change affects value delivered to the business or stakeholder groups.D)Each proposed change aligns with the business case. => True

Question 106When analyzing the current state, business analysts should identify external influences that might be acting as constraints, dependencies, or drivers. Which of the following does NOT represent an external influence?A)CustomersB)CompetitorsC)Microeconomic factors => TrueD)Suppliers

Question 107Gieson works at an IT shop in Toronto. He uses requirements (maintained) when developing regression tests and conducting impact analysis for an enhancement. What type of stakeholder is Gieson?A)Domain subject matter expertB)TesterC)Implementation subject matter expert => TrueD)Operational support

Question 108Requirements must be ______ to be managed, as stakeholders cannot consent to requirements they are not aware of.A)DefinedB)Communicated => TrueC)ElicitedD)Documented

Question 109Stacy is a Business System analyst assigned to a new management reporting initiative. Stacy has noted that a few of the current managers are bit reluctant to make any changes to the existing management reports and may not be cooperative while sharing their requirements about the management reports. What should Stacy do manage those reluctant stakeholders?A)Stacy should discuss the matter with the Project Manager and seek his/her help to sort this out.B)Stay should explore lesson learned documents from previous projects to find a solution from experiences of similar situation in any past project.C)As stakeholders are from Senior Management team, Stacy should discuss the matter with the Sponsor and seek his/her help to sort this out.D)Stacy should take actions to prepare the stakeholders for the change initiative and ensure their buy-in. => True

Question 110Glenn is on a project team that has finalized requirements and designs. As of late, several change requests have been received regarding the designs. Glenn is consulted for establishing impact of proposed changes. What type of stakeholder is Glenn?A)Tester => TrueB)Project managerC)Domain subject matter expertD)Operational support

Question 111When are reused requirements first identified?A)Changed stateB)Past stateC)Current state => TrueD)Future state

Question 112Which of the following stakeholders participate in the prioritization of requirements:A)Quality assurance subject matter expert, Implementation subject matter expert, and project managerB)Customer, end user, tester, and Project managerC)Customer, implementation subject matter expert, sponsor, and project manager => TrueD)Domain subject matter expert, implementation subject matter expert, and project team

Question 113Mark is the business analyst for his company and he is working with stakeholders to elaborate on the requirements for a new software design customers have requested. Mark is working to draw out, explore, and identify information relevant to the change. What knowledge area is Mark utilizing in this elicitation process?A)Solution evaluationB)Requirements analysis and design definitionC)Elicitation and collaboration => TrueD)Strategy analysis

Question 114Paul is eliciting data requirements and discussing systems communication and how the two systems currently exchange data and services with his stakeholders. What principle is Paul discussing?A)PortabilityB)Data migrationC)Interoperability => TrueD)Trans-system exchange

Question 115As a business analyst, the types of activities that you will perform are documented in the business analysis approach. The prescribed activities may be influenced by which one of the following?A)Organization's methodologies => TrueB)Business analyst knowledgeC)StakeholdersD)Techniques used

Question 116Just prior to the launch of a new system, Heidi is hearing a fair amount of grumbling from end-users about the solution. Heidi recommends delaying the deployment of the system until she can perform an enterprise culture assessment. The sponsor initially rejects that recommendation. What rationale might convince the sponsor to delay deployment?A)The assessment will save money in the long run.B)The assessment will reveal how widespread and deep the grumblings are so that communications can be targeted in a way so that stakeholders will accept the solution. => TrueC)It will allow the BA to identify which processes and tools within the enterprise will support the solution.D)The assessment will help the sponsor understand how various stakeholder groups will be impacted so that needs can be proactively addressed, thus paving the way to faster acceptance of the solution.

Question 117After solution performance measures are defined, who is responsible to decide which measures are used to evaluating the solution performance?A)Any stakeholder with decision-making authority. => TrueB)The sponsor.C)Project manager.D)The business analyst.

Question 118You are eliciting requirements by analyzing historical data to identify trends. What task are you performing?A)Confirm elicitation resultsB)Document analysisC)Conduct elicitation => TrueD)Data mining

Question 119When executing the task of assessing risks, which of the following are inputs?A)Confirmed elicitation results, prioritized designs, prioritized requirements, business objectives, potential value => TrueB)Business goals, confirmed elicitation results, prioritized designs, prioritized requirements, business objectivesC)Stated elicitation results, prioritized designs, prioritized requirements, business objectives, potential valueD)Business goals, stated elicitation results, prioritized designs, prioritized requirements, business objectives

Question 120A conflict has emerged between two stakeholders about conflicting requirements and you are facilitating a mediation meeting between them. All efforts to achieve a compromise in the meeting so far have failed. What is one of the best things to do now to try to break the deadlock before ending the meeting?A)Explain the impact and consequences that the stakeholders' failure to agree will have on the project. => TrueB)There is nothing a BA can do in this situation other than to adjourn the meeting and escalate the issue to the project manager.C)Tell them the meeting will not adjourn until an agreement can be reached.D)Warn them that the sponsor will have to impose a resolution if the parties cannot agree.

Question 121Shelby is eliciting requirements for a new program intended to increase employee satisfaction. Recent surveys indicated that employees did not feel recognized for a job well done, but the sponsor is not sure a "Gold Star Award" would bolster employee satisfaction results at their company. What could Shelby suggest?A)Scrap the idea because it is too risky.B)Suggest the "Gold Star Award" be piloted and then assess the results before moving forward. => TrueC)Suggest that a quick survey be distributed to see what employees think of the idea.D)Researching other companies to see what they do and then benchmark against existing programs.

Question 122Monique is analyzing historical data to identify information relevant to her current project. Which type of elicitation is Monique utilizing?A)ExperimentsB)CollaborativeC)Research => TrueD)Document analysis

Question 123Which stakeholders participate in confirming elicitation results?A)The BAB)Stakeholders with enough authority to approve requirementsC)Stakeholders who have participated in elicitation tasks => TrueD)The project team

Question 124When identifying stakeholders and selecting elicitation techniques for requirements elicitation, which of the following best describes the relationship between the two?A)There is no relationship, you may select the elicitation techniques you prefer before identifying your stakeholders.B)Identify stakeholders involved in the change and then select elicitation techniques suited to them. => TrueC)Only identify stakeholders who have the availability to participate in elicitation and then select elicitation techniques suitable to them.D)The relationship between the two depends upon the project approach and context associated with the business need.

Question 125Which of the following statements best describes the confirm elicitation results task?A)To document stated information along with stakeholder concerns.B)To ask stakeholders involved in the elicitation session to review the documented information for accuracy.C)To compare elicitation results against other elicitation results to ensure consistency.D)To check the information gathered during an elicitation session for accuracy and consistency with other information. => True

Question 126Sierra discovered that an internal audit team performed audits the last calendar week of each month. The organization operates at a frenetic pace the last week of the month to meet production goals. What might Sierra further investigate as a concern?A)Why the "frenetic" pace can't be spaced out across the month given the production goal.B)Perhaps the timing of the audits may have a negative impact on the outcome. => TrueC)Perhaps the entire facility doesn't need to be audited each month and that a sample of departments would be sufficient.D)Perhaps the fact that audits are completed each month is too often; perhaps bi-monthly or quarterly makes more sense.

Question 127Steven has conducted a number of elicitation sessions with a group of stakeholders from the Mortgage Loan department for their requirements as part of a new project. How will Steven determine when requirements elicitation from that business group is complete?A)When no new stakeholders are identified in that business group to share their requirements.B)When all stakeholders from that groups have shared their requirements.C)When Business Analyst have validated that all items defined in the scope of elicitation are completed. => TrueD)When all stakeholders from that group have a shared understanding of the requirements they have provided.

Question 128Jen is experiencing a lot of changes with some of the requirements that she has received from her stakeholders. Which task will be needed to be enacted by Jen?A)Prioritize requirementsB)Assess requirement changes => TrueC)Approve requirementsD)Notify the Project Manager

Question 129What is the best description of the strategy analysis knowledge area?A)Strategy analysis begins when a business need is identified and ends when projects are initiated.B)Strategy analysis focuses on understanding the current state and identifying obstacles keeping the organization from reaching its goals.C)The strategy analysis knowledge area begins when a business need is identified, analyzes the current state, and enables the enterprise to effectively address that need by defining the future and transition states. => TrueD)Strategy analysis consists of the collection of pre-project activities for capturing future views of the business to provide context for Elicitation.

Question 130Which of the following is NOT a way to document a change strategy?A)Project charter => TrueB)Strategic planC)Product roadmapD)Business case